Agrica Retailer
----------------
Agrica Retailer is aimed at easing the business processes of Retailers in agricultural product domain.
Agrica Retailer is a simple POS application capable of working on web browser or mobile or tab. It allows you to easily do billing with GST compliance, 
send the bill by email or SMS or Print. Track and control your inventory with batch and expiry tracking. 
Raise PO on your supplier and it gets seamlessly converted as Sales Order in Distributor system.
With Agrica Retailer, you can easily onboard your business, run and grow your business. With a few clicks you can complete a GST Invoice. 


Business Requirement:	Agrica Insight Application.
Description:		Agrica insight application to analyze and monitor retailer activites through visualization in tableau according to day, week, month & year wise.
Activities:		Developed below dashboards for agrica insight application in tableau.
         			1. Retailer Dashboard: Total Retailers, Total Distributors, Total Manufacturers, Total Customers, Total Distributors by Retailers, 
				   Invoice size/count of invoices by state, Total number of retailers by state, Total number of farmers by state, 
				   Total Count of Retailer login, Total Revenue.
                               	2. Goods Movement Dashboard: Pending Purchase Order for Shipment, Goods Shipped During a Period, Purchases During a Period, 
				   Goods Received During a Period, Goods in Transit.
                                3. Sales Dashboard: YTD Sales, PYTD Sales, MTD Sales, PYMTD Sales, Top 10 retailer sales, Top 10 retailer sales by state, 
				   Bottom 10 retailer sales, Bottom 10 retailer sales by state, Product category sales by state, State-Wise sales, 
				   Farmer purchase report.
                                4. Stock Detail Dashboard: Stocks on Hand, Stock Expires within 10 days, Expired Stocks.
                                5. Supply Chain Management Dashboard: Manufacturers Lead Time(Days), Distributors Lead Time (Days), Manufacturers Delivery Status, 
				   Distributors Delivery Status.
                                6. Mentor Dashboard: Total Mentors, Total Mentors by State, Total Visits, Total Visit by Mentor (Weekly), Mentors visit by Retailer.


Business Requirement:	Agrica Integration to Bayer DK Insightm(Bayer Analytics System).
Description: 		Agrica data platform will push the data from ERP Lite for distributors and POS for retailers system to Bayer DK Insight system using APIs. 
			Data with respect to details of retailers and their total number of customers, products vended by retailer to customers and products returned 
			by customer to retailer, products procured from distributors by retailer and products returned by retailer to distributors and current products 
			of retailers are pushed to Bayer DK Insight system for analysis of downstream performance of distributors and retailers.
Activities:		Developed procedues for below points: 
				1. Details of retailers and their total number of customers.
				2. Products vended by retailer to customers and products returned by customer to retailer.
				3. Products procured from distributors by retailer and products returned by retailer to distributors.
				4. Details of current products of retailers.


Business Requirement: 	Agrica Integration to Bayer Small Holding Farmers(SHDP) system.
Description: 		Agrica data platform will push the data belonging to farmer purchases from retailers which has been recorded in agrica POS system to 
			Bayer SHDP team to gather and analyze data of small holding farmers called SHDP.
			Data with respect to personal, contact, location and purchases of farmers details are pushed to Bayer SHDP team.
Activities:		Developed procedues for below points: 
				1. Personal details of farmer.
				2. Contact details of farmer.
				3. Location details of farmer.
				4. Purchased product detials of farmer.


Business Requirement: 	On-board Automation Tool for Agrica.
Description:		On-board Automation Tool is Agrica internal tool to on-board new retailers & distributors, update on-boarded retailers & distributors details, 
			insert new products of retailers with invoice number generation & update on-boarded retailer product details.
Activities:		Developed procedues for below points: 
				1. On-board new retailers & distributors.
				2. Update on-boarded retailers & distributors details.
				3. Insert new products of retailers with invoice number generation.
				4. Update on-boarded retailer product details.


Business Requirement:	Data Migration from Agrica POS system to ERP Lite system.
Description:		Migrating data from agrica POS system to ERP Lite system to merge retailers and distributors data in ERP Lite system.
Activities:		Developed insert script for migrating data from one place to another.
				1. Develop insert queries to load data.
				2. Develop select queries to extract and manipulate/transform data according to the requirements.
